How many of these are you doing and how bad they are?
Why did you eat it? Jump up quickly!
You're missing, the chariot and the horse are the steadfast ones,
Guan Wenche. What kind of house is this?
Changing your name is for your own benefit and will be determined by your fate!
You must achieve your goal, right!
You're smiling the wrong way!
I know you, you are not mistaken, are you?
It will never be like ten years
It is difficult for our army to advance
The Empty Land State is incompetent and has become more powerful.
One drop of eight exploded Yakumo
pair pair pair pair pair
An army that came together
All went home
it originally had something dark
Then I am in uniform
to it become
Don’t count, right?
Going there by the way
Only then can you practice rolling
Towards the real
In fact, I want to be my father
You just tended to actually
The black gold I recycle is your order
if this is true
Can my grandfather also be saved?
You stink, the rider can escape on his own
When I take you in my mouth and let him scan you
I'm sincere
you have only seen let you
With you, you give me memories
This is my grandpa
Say it, where is the mouth?
You are just in front of grandpa